Questions + Answers + Notes

Q1: What is Git, and how does a distributed version control system differ from a centralized one?
A1: Git is a very popular distributed version control system. Distributed control systems like Git allow contributers to make
    their own copies (clones) of a remote repository, means that contributors have personal working directories. Contributors
    can work on features/branches individually and they only have to worry about working in changes with other peoples' work
    when they merge their work with changes from another person's working directory. A centralized version control system, 
    on the other hand, only has one simultaneous working directory, which all contributors need to share.
N1: In a distibuted system, every copy clones the repo and its history.

Q2: Name Git's three main areas and describe what happens when you run git add and git commit.
A2: Git's three main areas are the working directory, the staging area, and the repository. When a contributor runs git add,
    their work is added to their working directory such that any changes they make to the files they add is tracked in their
    working directory's history. When that contributor then runs git commit, the changes they make are moved from their working
    directory to the staging area, which prepares this content to later be pushed to a repository.
N2: Off by one here: git add moves content from the working directory to the working directory to the staging area, and git 
    commit moves the content from the staging area to the repository. Note that repository doesn't necessarily mean a *central*
    repository; in this example, the contributor still commits their changes to their own repository.

Q3: What is a Python virtual environment, and why is dependency isolation important?
A3: A Python virtual environment is a collection of Python packages that is local to a specific project. In other words, a 
    programmer using a Python virtual environment for a project will install new packages to their virtual environment 
    rather than globally installing new packages on their computer. Using a Python virtual environment makes it easy to record
    what version of Python and specific module versions were used for a project, such that when a new person works on this project,
    they can easily set up a virtual environment identical to the one originally used. Dependency isolation is important because
    not isolating dependencies can lead to different developers installing different versions of a module/package for a single 
    project, which can lead to inconsistent or incorrect behavior on different devices.
N3: Specifically, a Python virtual environment is *isolated*. Note that when a package is updated, dependency isolation prevents
    this update from breaking a project that uses an older version of the package.

Q4: What does the LEGB rule describe in Python?
A4: The LEGB rule describes the different scopes that Python uses, in order from smallest- to largest-scope. Respectively, these
    scopes are local, enclosing, global, and built-in. When referring to a variable, method, or class in Python, Python will default
    to using the one with the innermost scope.
N4: Terminology note. LEGB is the order in which Python *resolves names*. The jist of this is correct, though.

Q5: How do lists, tuples, and sets differ in terms of mutability, ordering, and duplicates?
A5: Lists are mutable, ordered, and allow duplicates. Tuples are immutable, ordered, and allow duplicates. Sets are mutable,
    unordered, and don't allow duplicates.
N5: correct yippee

Q6: What are the four pillars of object-oriented programming (OOP)? 
A6: The four pillars of OOP are inheritance, abstraction, encapsulation, and isolation(???)
N6: polymorphism!!!!!

Q7: When calling a function, what rule applies to mixing positional and keyword arguments?
A7: A function can have any number of positional and keyword arguments. However, when a function has both positional and keyword
    arguments, no positional arguments can be listed after a keyword argument has been listed. In other words, positional arguments
    should go first.
N7: When you try to put a keyword argument before a positoinal argument, Python throws a SyntaxError.

Q8: What is the difference between using print() and the logging module for application output?
A8: The method print() will always print something to the command line. The logging module can print messages to the command line,
    but it is much more versatile than print(), as it also allows writing messages to a file. The logging module has many more 
    options than print(), including log configurations, severity levels, and time stamps.
N8: The logging module is configurable at runtime, making it more appropriate for production and for longer-term automation.

Q9: What is a Python decorator, and what does @decorator_name above a function mean?
A9: A Python decorator is a function that produces and returns a wrapper for another function. @decorator_name above a function
    means that the function being defined is being wrapped with whatever function the previously declared decorator decorator_name
    returns.
N9: @decorator_name is syntactic sugar for something like func = decorator_name(func).

Q10: In a try / except / else / finally structure, when does each of else and finally run?
A10: The code inside else will run after the code in the try block has successfully run, i.e. if none of the code in the except 
     block has been reached. The finally block will always run, regardless of whether or not the code in the try block ran
     successfully.
N10: language: "when an exception has/hasn't occurred"

Q11: What is an iterable versus an iterator in Python?
A11: An iterable is a data structure in Python whose members can be iterated through, which includes things like lists and tuples.
     An iterator is an object in Python with a __next__ method, which allows getting the next member.
N11: An iterable (correctly including lists + tuples) is an object that can *return* an iterator through the dunder method
     __iter__().

Q12: Why is add_item(item, items=[]) dangerous, and what pattern should you use instead?
A12: This is dangerous because defining the default value [] for items creates an object reference when add_item is defined, *not*
     every time add_item is called. Every time add_item is called without specifying a value for items, add_item modifies the
     same list that was created upon function definition. So the second time add_item is invoked with no specified value for items,
     add_items will modify the same list that was returned/modified the first time the function was invoked, and those two lists
     would have the same pointer. Instead, choose an arbitrary default value (e.g. None) for items and assign items to a value
     within the function if items == None.
N12: pretty good

Q13: Why does the cirriculum discourage bare except: and broad except Exception: in production-style code?
A13: In a production environment, it is important to understand the errors that code can potentially cause, and which ones are
     expected and which ones aren't. Let's say you're adding a function that does some division. A ZeroDivisionError is reasonable
     to expect, and the developer would likely want something like a user dividing by zero to be handled smoothly by the code and
     for execution to continue. However, handling every error smoothly and continuing code execution could be problematic.
     A SyntaxError, for example, is not something that should just be handled by a bare except block and would be inappropriate
     to display to the end user. It's also inappropriate to handle a KeyboardInterrupt, as the expected behavior after interrupting
     the terminal is for code execution to end.
N13: Pretty good. Broad except: and except Exception: can prevent the developer from catching "real" bugs.

Q